Cassidy that's as far as you go one of
you is already too many I'm not Cletus
Kasady not anymore I my true self now
I'm college
one
poor little spider you're just not ready
to see the truth are you I didn't web up
your mouth cuz I don't want you to
suffocate but you're starting to talk me
out of it see you think you're joking
but I know what you won't admit to
yourself when I killed those criminals
you are happy you are grateful to me
weren't you know or it's not too late to
understand I'll tell you whatever you
want to know what makes you think I'm
anything like you you wanted to do what
I did end those criminals forever that's
true I didn't want to admit it but I'd
be lying if I said I didn't feel that
way I knew it but that's human anger
wanting revenge it's not wrong to feel
emotions like that it's wrong to act on
them you said you killed to understand
death what are you trying to understand
the meaning the truth the secrets it
reveals about all of us that were afraid
to see I can tell you that death is a
part of life it happens sometimes for a
reason sometimes for no reason you're
wasting your time looking for some
cosmic answer and death like is where
you find meaning and buddy you've wasted
yours you say you're searching for
answers in death but what were you
trying to do when I stopped you make
others like you a family so we can
spread the message
the chaos and death are the only wrong
you're trying to create a family because
you never had one you weren't looking
for death Cletus you wanted the life you
never had now who's not seeing the truth
here's the real difference between us
spider-man i'm at peace with who I am
you shouldn't be and you should then why
aren't you sorry Cletus I just figured
out talking to a psycho killer isn't
gonna give me the answers I'm after I
know what will dad
seriously are you really that
the one who needs fixing spider
I'm fine
was always meant to me
chaos is the only real chaos
when I've got my
most
I wish you would we
now
movie to the test react
why are you fighting me we're so alike
beta what I did criminals is what you
want to do I can help you get there be
free
nothing like you
this is just
don't want to be alone again please just
let me die it's not the answer please
none of us are going to find any answers
here
you
what's the matter Peter you look like
you lost your last friend hey but I know
for a fact you've still got at least one
it's Uncle Ben I miss him so much I just
feel lost without him he raised me I
loved him and he died because he was
looking for me I'm not sure how to live
with that let me ask you something
pilgrim your Uncle Ben he was one of the
best people I ever knew everyone loved
him he had an amazing life right so why
do you want to make it all about how it
ended what counts isn't how he died
Peter what matters is really the way he
lived I want you to make his life mean
something I want you to be the man he
raised you to be the man that he was so
proud of when he saw what you were
growing into he told you that over time
your uncle knew what a tough place the
world could be he knew that it needs
heroes and hey take it from me you are
one of those heroes so what do you say
are you gonna go out there and prove it
I want you to do it for Uncle Ben and
for me yeah yes dan I will i miss Uncle
Ben I'll always miss him but I don't
have to replace him cuz he already gave
me everything I needed now what's up to
me to honor his memory by using what he
gave me a way that'll make him proud
nuff said nuff said
you